Who killed my family back then?
Who is behind your back?
Hmph, I'm afraid I'll break your courage
You can choose to say it here.
You can also choose
Tell it to hell
It's Jiuyou Pavilion
So what if you become congenital?
There are five congenital powerhouses in Jiuyou Pavilion
If you dare to kill me
They won't forgive you
It turned out to be Jiuyou Pavilion
Harming my mother
Trying to steal my false treasure
That's so great!
You can go down now.
But don't worry.
I'll send them down to see you one by one
No, don't kill me.
I know the whereabouts of the last dragon grass
Tell me if you dare to let me go
What do you think?
Are you qualified to bargain with me now?